update sum for testnet17 (#41)
massalabs/massa-sc-examples: sum/contracts/README.md

# Massa Smart Contract example: Sum

Deploy the sum smart contract:

    npm run build
    npm run deploy

> Call it:

Author: I mean run the deployed smart contract

By default it will build `assembly/main.ts`.

> To use librairies as massa-as-sdk and @massalabs/as you need to import the required function, for instance :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use libraries like @massalabs/massa-as-sdk and @massalabs/as, you need to import the required function, for instance:
```
